Is it a virus?
Are you sure?
My Microsoft is error!
I already did!
Oh, am I doing this to discharge the capacitors on the motherboard?
Is the email down?
Is the server down?
Is our website down?
Is the WiFi down?
When I my microsoft then it goes and goes not and then it doesn’t.
My computer is slow!
Will I loose all my stuff?
Ok, my computer isn’t slow anymore. No need to re-image.
Ever since I upgraded Java/Adobe nothing works.
Lawl, you forgot to renew corporate antivirus. I had to use my credit card.
Can you set up away message on my email?
I’m getting too much spam now! Increase spam filters!
Someone said they sent me an email but I didn’t get it. Is it spam filters?
Are you sure?
I think spam filters make my computer slow!
Spam filters ate my TPS report!
I’m unable to install iTunes.
Can you help me install iTunes?
Can I haz Admin?
But I need it!
I convinced my boss that I need admin.
I tried installing iTunes and now my computer won’t boot.
Can I has Windows 8?
But I need it!
I convinced my boss that I need Windows 8.
WTF IS THIS SHIT!????
I don’t want it anymore.
Windows 8 is now hurting my productivity.
Can I haz new computer?
But I need it!
I convinced my boss I need a new computer.
New computer too bulky. I want a thin one like MacBook Air.
But I need it!
I convinced my boss that I need it.
Can I haz iPad?
But I neeeeed it!
I convinced my boss I need it.
Help, can’t install games on company iPad.
What is it good for then?
I bricked my corporate iPad while trying to jailbreak it. Can I haz new?
I accidentally sat on iPad. Can I haz Android tablet as replacement?
Actually, I no longer need tablet or iPad.
I think I got that upside-down screen virus!
Can I have an extra power strip that I can plug into the power strip under my desk?
Why not?
Microwave oven is broken.
Office refrigerator is running.
Elevator is broken.
Lights in the hallway are flickering.
AC Units in Server Room stopped working.
Can’t access webmail!
Can’t access intranet site!
Can you show me how to hack into someone’s Facebook?
I think some virus put all these porn websites into my browser history.
My laptop was stolen from my car. Can I haz new one?
Wait, you can do that? Did I say stolen? I meant my dog… Err… dropped it…
My USB port is not working!
My Ethernet port is not working?
CD stuck in the drive!!!
My laptop has no CD.
It said “do not shut down your computer” so I shut it down. Now it won’t boot. What do?
How come my laptop wont turn on when I remove the battery?
What do I need to access files on these 5 <sup>1</sup>/<sub>4</sub> inch floppy disks?
My Excel is broken. I <em>literally</em> can’t anything!!!
I wrote 100 page report, then it asked me if I wanted to save so I said no. Now I can’t find it.
My computer is freeze or error but sometimes is not.
Every website tells me the SSL certificate has exprired?
Windows update is error.
I downloaded pirated Windows 8 and installed it on…ptop. Now all my data is gone and stuff is weird.
My computer shuts down for no reason.
My computer doesn’t even Microsoft only black and hyphen is blink.
My computer is blink!!!
I got hacked! My computer is beep when turn on!
I got hacked! Keyboard doesn’t even like crazy all the time!!!
Fox fire is error!
Help, government is reading my email!
Printer is jam! Says open front cover.
Outlook is slow!
Dominos relationship trust is fail when laptop turn on.
Can I haz Powerpoints?
Powerpoints is hard. I will dictate, and you make slides, yes?
My laptop display spontaneously shattered for no reason.
I deleted a file six months ago, then defragged an…n times in a row. Can we still recover that file?
I am physically incapable of replacing the toner in my desk printer.
Word is compatibility error!
Our website was hacked!
Can I disable the nightly backup script? It is annoying.
I convinced my boss nightly backup is hurting my productivity.
My stuff isn’t backed up automatically anymore, WTF? I lost work!
What’s a good home theater system for my living room?
Can I use that TeamViewer software to spy on my girlfriend without her knowing?
When I shake my laptop really hard it freezes on me.
I gave my work laptop to my two year old to play w… computer is completely destroyed. Can I haz new?
I opened up the laptop and I tried to jam this ran…letely unrelated issue: laptop won’t boot up now.
Is it a virus?